Release v0.3.0 -- ESA CDSE cutover and timstamp fixes (#157)
ACCESS-Cloud-Based-InSAR/DockerizedTopsApp: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [0.2.5]
> 
> ### Update
> * Updated workflows to hyp3lib v2.0.2, which uses the new Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem API got download orbit files.
> * Calls to `downloadSentinelOrbitFile` to specify the `esa_credentials` argument.
> 
> ### Added
> * `check_esa_credentials` function to `__main__.py` to check for the existence of Dataspace credentials before processing begins.

Author: ```suggestion
## [0.3.0]

### Added
* `check_esa_credentials` function to `__main__.py` to check for the existence of Dataspace credentials before processing begins.

### Changed
* Updated `hyp3lib` to  v2.0.2+, which uses the new Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem API to download orbit files.
* Calls to `downloadSentinelOrbitFile` now specify the `esa_credentials` argument.
```
